Adding links to chainspec file and gas limit details (#673)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/economics/gas-concepts.md

## How is gas cost determined?

> The amount of gas required for a transaction is determined by how much code is executed on the blockchain. Usually, the platform defines the required gas limit for a Deploy, inside a block through a configuration in the [chainspec](https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/blob/release-1.4.8/resources/production/chainspec.toml) file. Currently, gas is priced at a fixed price of 1 mote (defined as 1x10^9 CSPR tokens) per 1 unit of gas. The gas charged for a transaction on the blockchain is paid to the validators who are operating the network.

Reviewer: This sounds incorrect, the deploy sender sets the gas price which is shown in the deploy header structure, the only upper limit of gas is the block gas limit itself, and the information in the parentheses is just dead wrong, unless I am reading it wrong 1 CSPR is 10^9 motes, not the other way around

Reviewer 2: There should be a negative sign there. Or we should say in brackets (1 CSPR is 10^9 motes). Let's remove the link and update the information about motes:
```suggestion
The amount of gas required for a transaction is determined by how much code is executed on the blockchain. Currently, gas is priced at a fixed price of 1 mote (1 CSPR is 10^9 motes) per 1 unit of gas. The gas charged for a transaction on the blockchain is paid to the network's validators.
```

You may sometimes see an error such as _‘payment: 2.5, cost: 2.5, Error::GasLimit’_, This message seems to say that the transaction cost is 2.5 CSPR and you paid 2.5 CSPR, yet the transaction resulted in an error. Let’s explore this error message a little further.

> When a smart contract hits its [gas limit](https://github.com/casper-network/casper-node/blob/b94c4f79ac4ca00e996c418dcc3a98607779a193/resources/production/chainspec.toml#L96-L97) (the payment amount), execution stops. If your limit is 2.5 CSPR, execution stops and that is the computation cost even if the smart contract did not run to completion. So, the error message tries to communicate to you that execution stopped at 2.5 CSPR. The computation resulted in an error because there were not enough funds to run to completion. It would have cost more than 2.5 CSPR to complete execution, but since you only supplied a payment of 2.5 CSPR worth of computation, the network stopped execution there and charged you that much, even though it was a failed transaction. The execution engine does not actually know how much it would have cost if allowed to run to completion, because it did not allow the contract to finish since the contract would have run over its gas limit.

Reviewer 2: This is the block gas limit, not the contract's gas limit. Before changing this, we need a review from @darthsiroftardis.

Reviewer: @ipopescu You are correct, these links are pointing to the block gas limit which is very different from what is being spoken about in this paragraph

Reviewer 2: Ok let's remove the link here and go back to what we had before @Buddhika-Pathirathna.
